---
layout: archive
title: "CV"
permalink: /cv/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---

{% include base_path %}

Education
======
* Ph.D in  Statistics and Data Science, National University of Singapore, 2021- present
* B.S. in  Statistics, Harbin Institue of Technology, 2016- 2020

Experience
======
* 2020- 2021: Research Assistant
  * Harbin Institue of Technology
  * Duties include: Analysis of single-cell RNA sequencing (ScRNA-seq) data
  * Supervisor: Prof. Shuilin Jin

* Feb.2023- Nov.2023: Visiting Scholar
  * Peking Univeristy
  
Research
======
* "Exponentially Weighted Averaging of Varying-coefficient Partially Linear Models"
  * Submitted to Journal of the American Statistical Association
  * In this project, we developed an exponentially weighted model averaging (EWA) method for the varying-coefficient partially linear model (VCPLM), addressing the theoretical aspects of semiparametric model averaging. The EWA method is easy to implement and exhibits a natural Bayesian flavor. Oracle inequalities were derived for finite-sample error bounds of the empirical estimators, and the asymptotic optimality of the proposed weighting criterion was rigorously analyzed. The results were supported by numerical studies that validate the theoretical findings.

* "Semiparmetric Model Averaging Synthetic Control Method"
  * Submitted to Journal of Business and Economic Statistics
  * This work focuses on improving the accuracy of the Synthetic Control Method (SCM), a widely used approach in panel data analysis for estimating treatment effects. We propose a model averaging framework within nonlinear SCM, aiming to enhance predictive accuracy. The limiting distribution of our proposed quadratic-loss averaging for VCPLM was established, and both simulation and empirical studies supported the theoretical outcomes.

*  "Nonparametric estimate of spectral density functions of sample covariance matrices generated by VARMA models"
   * Communications in Statistics-Theory and Methods

